Losers die
This time I can defeat you without illusion
What illusion? No illusion?
You're crazier than your father
Let's experience the oppression of the power of the devil world today
Mr. Yin, when did you become so powerful?
But that move just now
It doesn't look like the Taoism of our Shenming Sect
This move is called Yun Sheng Solve Navy
It's from a book of alpine cheats
Good boy, it seems that this deity is going to be serious
Oh, dear.
What? What did your sister-in-law do?
What is this?
This
This is the strongest technique in the eighth season of Orchid Cheats
Can you lend me strength?
Kamitani gathers all power
Remnant Heaven Palm